README.md, before:

ceed
====

IT'S CALLED CEED BECAUSE IT MAKES A **TREE** FROM C CODE GET IT

Produces an AST from preprocessed C source code using jison, a C grammar, and some sunlight.

This is a library producing nodes suitable for [selectree](https://github.com/cosmicexplorer/selectree). Anything that modifies syntax goes here. This shouldn't require a lot of changes after it's written.

# TODO

1. actually generate nodes
2. Use line number output from cpp as specified [here](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/cpp/Preprocessor-Output.html). Remove the `-P` from the test command.
    - can preprocess in [the driver](driver.coffee)
        - form sorted map of input lines from `cpp` to line numbers as given
        - use `count()` function from [here](https://www.lysator.liu.se/c/ANSI-C-grammar-l.html) to get line/col of UNMARKED (no line number) input from `cpp`
        - to find line/col of any given node, find the input line in sorted map which is closest to, but before the given node
        - find relative line/col from the ast node at the line matching the input line you just found, add to entry in sorted map to get absolute location of current ast node

Commit message:

add ast nodes to grammar

README.md, after:

ceed
====

IT'S CALLED CEED BECAUSE IT MAKES A **TREE** FROM C CODE GET IT

Produces an AST from preprocessed C source code using jison, a C grammar, and some sunlight.

This is a library producing nodes suitable for [selectree](https://github.com/cosmicexplorer/selectree). Anything that modifies syntax goes here. This shouldn't require a lot of changes after it's written.

# TODO

1. actually generate nodes
2. create appropriate class hierarchy to represent nodes
3. Use line number output from cpp as specified [here](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/cpp/Preprocessor-Output.html). Remove the `-P` from the test command.
    - can preprocess in [the driver](driver.coffee)
        - form sorted map of input lines from `cpp` to line numbers as given
        - use `count()` function from [here](https://www.lysator.liu.se/c/ANSI-C-grammar-l.html) to get line/col of UNMARKED (no line number) input from `cpp`
        - to find line/col of any given node, find the input line in sorted map which is closest to, but before the given node
        - find relative line/col from the ast node at the line matching the input line you just found, add to entry in sorted map to get absolute location of current ast node
    - can use `yy-*` from jison to easily get line/col
4. Generate attributes (for consumption by selectree) dynamically from members depending upon node type.
    - merge objects produced by `super()` and anything node-specific
    - this allows for common attributes like line/col, but also node-specific attributes like storage class specifiers
    - this would involve redoing the class hierarchy instead of the flat "everything is an AST node" like we have now
        - maybe mixins too
